platforms/tsp/systems/ports/returntocastlewolfeinstein/returntocastlewolfeinstein.md, before:

# Return to Castle Wolfeinstin

%game_overview%

## Installation

While testing it, this game let me change the settings ingame and did not crash while I did that. So you an change the settings, turn on FPS counter, etc...
Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=iortcw)

**ATTENTION** the game won't run on the proper resolution, you need to run the game once. After that you need to modify the **wolfconfig.cfg** file.
**Resolution change steps:**
1. After you run the game once.
2. Connect your SD card to your PC.
3. Open the **./ports/iortcw/conf/.wolf/main/wolfconfig.cfg** file.
4. Change the **seta r_customheight** to **"720"**  and change **seta r_customwidth** to **"1280"**. And save the file!
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Return to Castle Wolfenstein.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"iortcw"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. You need to add your own **pak0.pk3**, **sp_pak1.pk3**, **sp_pak2.pk3**, **sp_pak3.pk3** and **sp_pak4.pk3** to the **"./ports/iortcw/main/"** folder.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Run the game once.
9. Follow the steps in the **"Resolution change step"**.

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Return to Castle Wolfenstein** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. You need to add your own **pak0.pk3**, **sp_pak1.pk3**, **sp_pak2.pk3**, **sp_pak3.pk3** and **sp_pak4.pk3** to the **"./ports/iortcw/main/"** folder.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Run the game once.
7. Follow the steps in the **"Resolution change step"**.

Commit message:

Added lines to TSP Ports
Added CrossMix-OS installation to TSP Ports.
And added tester too.

platforms/tsp/systems/ports/returntocastlewolfeinstein/returntocastlewolfeinstein.md, after:

# Return to Castle Wolfeinstin

%game_overview%

## Installation

While testing it, this game let me change the settings ingame and did not crash while I did that. So you an change the settings, turn on FPS counter, etc...
Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=iortcw)

**Tester**: meeeaCH

**ATTENTION** the game won't run on the proper resolution, you need to run the game once. After that you need to modify the **wolfconfig.cfg** file.
**Resolution change steps:**
1. After you run the game once.
2. Connect your SD card to your PC.
3. Open the **./ports/iortcw/conf/.wolf/main/wolfconfig.cfg** file.
4. Change the **seta r_customheight** to **"720"**  and change **seta r_customwidth** to **"1280"**. And save the file!
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Return to Castle Wolfenstein.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"iortcw"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. You need to add your own **pak0.pk3**, **sp_pak1.pk3**, **sp_pak2.pk3**, **sp_pak3.pk3** and **sp_pak4.pk3** to the **"./ports/iortcw/main/"** folder.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Run the game once.
9. Follow the steps in the **"Resolution change step"**.

**CrossMix-OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Return to Castle Wolfenstein** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. You need to add your own **pak0.pk3**, **sp_pak1.pk3**, **sp_pak2.pk3**, **sp_pak3.pk3** and **sp_pak4.pk3** to the **"./Data/ports/iortcw/main/"** folder.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Run the game once.
7. Follow the steps in the **"Resolution change step"**.

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Return to Castle Wolfenstein** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. You need to add your own **pak0.pk3**, **sp_pak1.pk3**, **sp_pak2.pk3**, **sp_pak3.pk3** and **sp_pak4.pk3** to the **"./ports/iortcw/main/"** folder.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Run the game once.
7. Follow the steps in the **"Resolution change step"**.
