platforms/tsp/systems/ports/halflife/halflife.md, before:

# Half-Life

%game_overview%

## Installation

Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=half-life)

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Half-Life.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"Half-Life"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Copy your downloaded **"Half-Life/valve/"** game folder's content into **"./ports/Half-Life/valve/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Half-Life** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy your downloaded **"Half-Life/valve/"** game folder's content into **"./ports/Half-Life/valve/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

Commit message:

Added lines to TSP Ports
Added CrossMix-OS installation to TSP Ports.
And added tester too.

platforms/tsp/systems/ports/halflife/halflife.md, after:

# Half-Life

%game_overview%

## Installation

Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=half-life)

**Tester**: meeeaCH

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Half-Life.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"Half-Life"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Copy your downloaded **"Half-Life/valve/"** game folder's content into **"./ports/Half-Life/valve/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Have fun!

**CrossMix-OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Half-Life** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy your downloaded **"Half-Life/valve/"** game folder's content into **"./Data/ports/Half-Life/valve/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Half-Life** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy your downloaded **"Half-Life/valve/"** game folder's content into **"./ports/Half-Life/valve/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!
