platforms/tsp/systems/ports/oceansheart/oceansheart.md, before:

# Ocean's Heart

%game_overview%

## Installation

Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=oceansheart)

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Ocean's Heart.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"oceansheart"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Buy the game from **GOG** or **Steam** and place the **data.solarus** file in the **./ports/oceansheart/"** folder.
6. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
7. Launch the game.
8. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Ocean's Heart** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Buy the game from **GOG** or **Steam** and place the **data.solarus** file in the **./ports/oceansheart/"** folder.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Launch the game.
7. Have fun!

Commit message:

Added lines to TSP Ports
Added CrossMix-OS installation to TSP Ports.
And added tester too.

platforms/tsp/systems/ports/oceansheart/oceansheart.md, after:

# Ocean's Heart

%game_overview%

## Installation

Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=oceansheart)

**Tester**: meeeaCH

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Ocean's Heart.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"oceansheart"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Buy the game from **GOG** or **Steam** and place the **data.solarus** file in the **./ports/oceansheart/"** folder.
6. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
7. Launch the game.
8. Have fun!

**CrossMix-OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Ocean's Heart** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Buy the game from **GOG** or **Steam** and place the **data.solarus** file in the **./Data/ports/oceansheart/"** folder.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Launch the game.
7. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Ocean's Heart** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Buy the game from **GOG** or **Steam** and place the **data.solarus** file in the **./ports/oceansheart/"** folder.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Launch the game.
7. Have fun!
