platforms/tsp/systems/ports/spellsling/spellsling.md, before:

# Spell Sling

%game_overview%

## Installation

Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=spellsling)

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Spell Sling.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"spellsling"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Download the game **https://youdoyoubuddy.itch.io/spell-sling** and copy the **exe** or **love** file into the **./ports/spellsling/** folder.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Launch the game.
9. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Spell Sling** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
3. Download the game **https://youdoyoubuddy.itch.io/spell-sling** and copy the **exe** or **love** file into the **./ports/spellsling/** folder.
4. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
5. Launch the game.
6. Have fun!

Commit message:

Added lines to TSP Ports
Added CrossMix-OS installation to TSP Ports.
And added tester too.

platforms/tsp/systems/ports/spellsling/spellsling.md, after:

# Spell Sling

%game_overview%

## Installation

Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=spellsling)

**Tester**: meeeaCH

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Spell Sling.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"spellsling"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Download the game **https://youdoyoubuddy.itch.io/spell-sling** and copy the **exe** or **love** file into the **./ports/spellsling/** folder.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Launch the game.
9. Have fun!

**CrossMix-OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Spell Sling** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
3. Download the game **https://youdoyoubuddy.itch.io/spell-sling** and copy the **exe** or **love** file into the **./Data/ports/spellsling/** folder.
4. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
5. Launch the game.
6. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Spell Sling** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
3. Download the game **https://youdoyoubuddy.itch.io/spell-sling** and copy the **exe** or **love** file into the **./ports/spellsling/** folder.
4. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
5. Launch the game.
6. Have fun!
