platforms/tsp/systems/ports/blossomtales2/blossomtales2.md, before:

# Blossom Tales II: The Minotaur Prince

%game_overview%

## Installation

Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=blossomtales2)

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Blossom Tales II.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"blossomtales2"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Copy your downloaded **"Blossom Tales II: The Minotaur Prince"** game files to **"./ports/blossomtales2/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Blossom Tales II** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy all files from your **Blossom Tales II: The Minotaur Prince** installation to **"./ports/blossomtales2/"** folder and replace everything it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

Commit message:

Added lines to TSP Ports
Added CrossMix-OS installation to TSP Ports.
And added tester too.

platforms/tsp/systems/ports/blossomtales2/blossomtales2.md, after:

# Blossom Tales II: The Minotaur Prince

%game_overview%

## Installation

Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=blossomtales2)

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Blossom Tales II.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"blossomtales2"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Copy your downloaded **"Blossom Tales II: The Minotaur Prince"** game files to **"./ports/blossomtales2/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Have fun!

**CrossMix-OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Blossom Tales II** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy all files from your **Blossom Tales II: The Minotaur Prince** installation to **"./Data/ports/blossomtales2/"** folder and replace everything it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Blossom Tales II** and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy all files from your **Blossom Tales II: The Minotaur Prince** installation to **"./ports/blossomtales2/"** folder and replace everything it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!
