platforms/tsp/systems/ports/yarntown/yarntown.md, before:

# Yarntown

%game_overview%

## Installation

**ATTENTION** the game runs fine in the main menu, but **very laggy while playing**.
Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=yarntown)

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Yarntown.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"yarntown"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Download game from **https://solarus-games.org/games/yarntown/** and put the **.solarus** file in **./ports/yarntown/**.
7. Launch the game.
8. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Yarntown** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
3. Download game from **https://solarus-games.org/games/yarntown/** and put the **.solarus** file in **./ports/yarntown/**.
4. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
5. Launch the game.
6. Have fun!

Commit message:

Added lines to TSP Ports
Added CrossMix-OS installation to TSP Ports.
And added tester too.

platforms/tsp/systems/ports/yarntown/yarntown.md, after:

# Yarntown

%game_overview%

## Installation

**ATTENTION** the game runs fine in the main menu, but **very laggy while playing**.
Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=yarntown)

**Tester**: meeeaCH

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Yarntown.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"yarntown"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Download game from **https://solarus-games.org/games/yarntown/** and put the **.solarus** file in **./ports/yarntown/**.
7. Launch the game.
8. Have fun!

**CrossMix-OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Yarntown** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
3. Download game from **https://solarus-games.org/games/yarntown/** and put the **.solarus** file in **./Data/ports/yarntown/**.
4. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
5. Launch the game.
6. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for **Yarntown** and install it.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
3. Download game from **https://solarus-games.org/games/yarntown/** and put the **.solarus** file in **./ports/yarntown/**.
4. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
5. Launch the game.
6. Have fun!
