platforms/tsp/systems/ports/grandtheftauto3/grandtheftauto3.md, before:

# Grand Theft Auto 3

%game_overview%

## Installation

This port requires the 2001 version of the game. NOT the Definitive Edition. Both Steam and Rockstar Store versions should work. Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=gta3)

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Grand Theft Auto 3.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"gta3"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Copy your download **"Grand Theft Auto 3"** game files to **"./ports/gta3/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for Grand Theft Auto 3 and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy all files from your Grand Theft Auto 3 installation to **"./ports/gta3/"** folder and replace everything it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

You can adjust analog sticks sensitivity by changing LeftStickSens/RightStickSens values in re3.ini.

## Troubleshoot

If the game won't boot, try booting it one more time. If that doesn't work:
1. Open Portmaster and go to **"Manage Ports"**.
2. Press **"Show Info"**, after that press **"Reinstall"**.
3. Try launching it again.

Commit message:

Added lines to TSP Ports
Added CrossMix-OS installation to TSP Ports.
And added tester too.

platforms/tsp/systems/ports/grandtheftauto3/grandtheftauto3.md, after:

# Grand Theft Auto 3

%game_overview%

## Installation

This port requires the 2001 version of the game. NOT the Definitive Edition. Both Steam and Rockstar Store versions should work. Portmaster page of the game: [here](https://portmaster.games/detail.html?name=gta3)

**Tester**: meeeaCH

**Stock OS installation:**
1. Download the file from Portmaster. It's a zip file.
2. Extract the downloaded zip and open the folder.
3. Connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy the **"Grand Theft Auto 3.sh"** file to **"./Roms/Ports/"** folder on your SD card.
5. Copy the **"gta3"** folder to **"./ports/"** folder on your SD card.
6. Copy your download **"Grand Theft Auto 3"** game files to **"./ports/gta3/"** folder on your SD card, replace what it wants to.
7. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
8. Have fun!

**CrossMix-OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for Grand Theft Auto 3 and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy all files from your Grand Theft Auto 3 installation to **"./Data/ports/gta3/"** folder and replace everything it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

**Tomato OS installation:**
1. Open Portmaster and navigate to **"All Ports"**.
2. Look for Grand Theft Auto 3 and install it.
3. Close Portmaster, power off your device and connect your SD card to your PC.
4. Copy all files from your Grand Theft Auto 3 installation to **"./ports/gta3/"** folder and replace everything it wants to.
5. Eject the SD card to safely remove it and put it back in your device.
6. Have fun!

You can adjust analog sticks sensitivity by changing LeftStickSens/RightStickSens values in re3.ini.

## Troubleshoot

If the game won't boot, try booting it one more time. If that doesn't work:
1. Open Portmaster and go to **"Manage Ports"**.
2. Press **"Show Info"**, after that press **"Reinstall"**.
3. Try launching it again.
