## Overview

BassMasters 2000 is a fishing simulation game which counts a total of 4 modes and has a variety of customizable options. You can create and save up to 7 anglers through the Create Angler option, customising characteristics such as sex, hair, face, clothes, etc. Other customisable options include Lake Conditions (lake location, season, weather, time, etc.), Boat (boat model, engine, etc.) and Tackle (rod/reel, line, lure, etc.). These following are the modes of play:* Exhibition the only mode where every customisation option is available. The objective is to catch up to a certain number of fish and the sum of their weight to equal or surpass the weight that is mentioned in the beginning of the game. Tournament there are 6 tournaments you must compete in and each tournament lasts for 3 days. Fishing lasts until the day is over, when the total weight of fish caught is counted and depending on how well you did you get the equivalent rank. If at the end of the last tournament you manage to rank 5th or better new equipment or boats are unlocked. Speed Fishing in this mode youre given a time limit of 3 minutes and must catch as more of the fish mentioned in the overview as possible. Time is extended by one or more seconds depending on how much the fish weighs and the objective is to fish for as long as you can. Casting Game you must cast the line at certain spots on the lake which are specified by coloured circles, within the time limit. For each target you manage to hit you receive points and if the earned score is high enough you get additional time and the patterns in which the targets appear change.