## Overview

One side of Berge was bathed in constant light, and is known as Lustrous Berge. The other half is cloaked in constant darkness, and is known as Dark Berge. A miasma-filled chasm called the Black Precipice divides the two halves and has been in place for so long that most residents of the world dont even know that the other half exists... And now, events loom that threaten both halves of the world. Fate has chosen a champion from each half, and now, the player must choose which champion to play as. The stage has been set. Will it be the best of times, or the worst of times? In Hexyz Force , players choose one of the two main characters, either young priestess Cecilia "Ceci" Armaclite or veteran knight Levant von Schweitzer. Both paths tell different parts of the story, so the game is effectively two RPGs in one. Combat is initiated on the field map, but much like another Atlus PSP title, battles can be avoided by dodging the enemies on the field. If combat is entered, the game turns into a standard turn-based RPG, but with a rock-paper-scissors elemental system called the Divine Aspects. Each weapon is linked to an element, and if the attacks follow the proper pattern, a damage gauge will build that will multiply the damage once the chain breaks. Both the enemy and the player have access to the gauge, so the enemy can use it to unload huge damage onto the player. As is the case with most Sting RPGs, weapons are destructible items. The game also has a weapon crafting and fusion system that replaces shops. Players get components to create items from battle or by collecting them from Harvest Points that are spread around the world.