## Overview

It is the 15th century, the time of the Hundred Years' War between England and France. A young French girl from the village of Domremy trying to assist her father with his daily labors discovers a mysterious object: an armlet that binds magically on her wrist. Soon the village is being attacked and finding the first sword she can, she steps forth to encounter the enemy, some humanoid beasts. Taking strength from the armlet, hearing a mysterious voice and having for assistance her close friends, she manages to defeat them and embarks on a long quest to help her countrymen and vanquish the evil forces invading France. Jeanne d'Arc is a turn-based strategy RPG game of the Japanese variety, that fuses medieval history with fantasy and the craziness of Japanese anime. This is a well known story retold through tactical battles one after another, while game dialog along with hand drawn cutscenes twist the story into different territories from the original. It is a story of teen friendship and dedication, remorseless war, evil magic, unavoidable death, heartache abandonment and purifying hope. Jeanne joins the army and along with 14 other companions with different skills and personalities march to face England's Henry VI's troops. With her are other armlet wielders, able to use them and transform into fearsome warriors able to strike down evil at its core. The game features a map to move through locations where the battles which push the story forward happen along with free stages that add nothing more than fun, strong items and difficult bosses.