## Overview

The blob-like LocoRoco are in trouble! A meteor has crash-landed on their planet, bringing with it the black, shaggy Moja Troop, who just happen to find that LocoRoco taste delicious. Soon, they're nearly all gone! It's up to you to take control of the planet using your PSP and repopulate it so that it's full of LocoRoco once more. LocoRoco is a unique game for the PSP that is very simple to pick up and play. The L and R Buttons tilt the game world to the left and right, causing the LocoRoco to roll in that direction, while pressing both L and R simultaneously makes the world bounce and causes the LocoRoco to jump. LocoRoco love to eat, and their favourite fruit is the red berries that are native to the planet. For each one of these that you eat, the LocoRoco grows bigger. It may in fact become too big to squeeze through smaller gaps, however this is not a problem. If you tap the Circle button, the LocoRoco will shriek and break up into smaller ones. If you hold the Circle button, they will all call out and assimilate back into the singular LocoRoco. There are also little blue men called 'Mui Mui'. These folk are tucked away in the more hidden parts of the levels. Discover them, and they'll reward you with additional parts to build your own 'Loco House', as well as give you different music tracks to play in it. Your Loco House can be customised to your liking, and then you can watch as a LocoRoco explores it, and possibly earns you even more house parts. You can also share your Loco House with a friend.